[WIP] Add displacy support for overlapping Spans (#10332)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/usage/visualizers.md

The span visualizer lets you customize the following `options`:

| Argument | Description                                                                                                                                             |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `spans_key`       | Which spans key to render spans from. Default is `"sc"`. ~~str~~                                                                                                   |
| `templates`       | Dictionary containing the keys `"span"`, `"slice"`, and `"start"`. These dictate how the overall span, a span slice, and the starting token will be rendered. ~~Optional[Dict[str, str]~~ |
| `kb_url_template` | Optional template to construct the KB url for the entity to link to. Expects a python f-string format with single field to fill in ~~Optional[str]~~                    |
| `colors`          | Color overrides. Entity types should be mapped to color names or values. ~~Dict[str, str]~~ |

> Because spans can be stored across different `spans_key`, you need to supply
> which key should displaCy render (with `sc` as the default). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because spans can be stored across different keys in `doc.spans`, you need to specify
which one displaCy should use with `spans_key` (`sc` is the default). 
```
